content/workshops/cloudforms41/exercise1.4.md, before:

---
title: Exercise 1.4 - Explore Reports
workshops: cloudforms41
workshop_weight: 140
layout: lab
---

# What Are Reports?

In Red Hat CloudForms, reports have been constructed to help you view the most commonly requested and significant data. From here, you can also create reports if you have appropriate access. CloudForms Management Engine provides a large group of default reports organized into categories. Each category has its own set of subfolders.


# Explore Reports

> Select **Cloud Intel** → **Reports**.

<img title="CloudForms Reports" src="../images/cfme-nav-reports.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*Navigate Reports*

The **Saved Reports** accordion contains previously generated reports.

<img title="CloudForms Saved Reports" src="../images/cfme-saved-reports.png" /><br/>
*Saved Reports Accordion*

> Scroll through the **Saved Reports** and select **VM Performance**.

<img title="CloudForms Saved Reports VM Performance" src="../images/cfme-nav-saved-reports-vm-performance.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*Saved Reports VM Performance*

Select the previously generated report under it and observe that the report’s output is on the right.

> To download the report, click <i class="fa fa-download fa-lg" aria-hidden="true"></i> (**Download**).

<img title="CloudForms Saved Reports VM Performance" src="../images/cfme-nav-saved-reports-vm-performance-download.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*Saved Reports VM Performance Download*

Explore the other reports.


# View Customization Options

The **Reports** accordion lists reports you can run on demand or by scheduling.

> Click the **Reports** accordion.

<img title="CloudForms Reports Reports" src="../images/cfme-reports.png" /><br/>
*Reports Accordion*

> Scroll down and select **My Company…**, then click the light blue Custom folder.

<img title="CloudForms Reports Reports" src="../images/cfme-reports-custom.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*My Company Custom Reports*

Select any of the reports and observe that the report configuration appears on the right side as you select it.

Commit message:

sync with content upstream (redhatgov.io)

content/workshops/cloudforms41/exercise1.4.md, after:

---
title: Exercise 1.4 - Explore Reports
workshops: cloudforms41
workshop_weight: 140
layout: lab
---
# Exercise 1.4 - Explore Reports

## Exercise Description
In this exercise, you will learn how to view, search and customize reports.

In Red Hat CloudForms, reports have been constructed to help you view the most commonly requested and significant data. With appropriate access credentials, you can also create reports. CloudForms Management Engine provides a large group of default reports, organized into categories. Each category has a set of subfolders.


## Section 1: Explore Reports

### Step 1: Select **Cloud Intel** → **Reports**.

<img title="CloudForms Reports" src="../images/cfme-nav-reports.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*Navigate Reports*

The **Saved Reports** accordion contains previously generated reports.

<img title="CloudForms Saved Reports" src="../images/cfme-saved-reports.png" /><br/>
*Saved Reports Accordion*

### Step 2: Scroll through the **Saved Reports** and select **VM Performance**.

<img title="CloudForms Saved Reports VM Performance" src="../images/cfme-nav-saved-reports-vm-performance.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*Saved Reports VM Performance*

### Step 3: Select the previously generated report under it and observe that the report’s output is on the right.

### Step 4: To download the report, click <i class="fa fa-download fa-lg" aria-hidden="true"></i> (**Download**).

<img title="CloudForms Saved Reports VM Performance" src="../images/cfme-nav-saved-reports-vm-performance-download.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*Saved Reports VM Performance Download*

### Step 5: Explore the other reports.


## Section 2: View Customization Options

The **Reports** accordion lists reports you can run on demand or by scheduling.

### Step 1: Click the **Reports** accordion.

<img title="CloudForms Reports Reports" src="../images/cfme-reports.png" /><br/>
*Reports Accordion*

### Step 2: Scroll down and select **My Company…**, then click the light blue Custom folder.

<img title="CloudForms Reports Reports" src="../images/cfme-reports-custom.png" width="1000"/><br/>
*My Company Custom Reports*

### Step 3: Select any of the reports and observe that the report configuration displays on the right side as you select it.
